fix(config): Correct `filter` transform generation via `vector generate` to use a comparison (#22079)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/22079_correct_filter_condition_via_vector_generate.fix.md

> What: Fixed a typo in the condition of the filter component created via `vector generate`.
> How: Replaced the assignment (`=`) with the equality (`==`) operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `filter` transform now generates a more accurate config when generated via `vector generate` by using a comparison rather than an assignment.
```

Updated to match our changelog style.
